Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to update the UI with the user input.
All right, so we are inside the update UI function, we don't how we can capture the amount that the
user enters, but how do we displayed we have stored inside this income the outcome and the balance
variables.
But how do we show it on the on the UI?
So first off, let's go ahead and let's decide on the sign up for the for the balance.
So I'm going to use a turnaround operator and I'm going to say let's sign be equal to if income is greater
or equal to outcome.
So if income is equal to income or sorry if income is equal to outcome or if income is greater than
the outcome, we want a positive dollar sign there.
But in case the income is less than the outcome, we want the balance to have a negative side right
like that.
Now, let's go ahead and let's say up a day to get the UI right.
So what is this?
And updating the UI, all right, so for updating the UI, what we need to do is we need to grab the
balance element, which is the balanced value, the income total element in total and the outcome total
element, the expense.
Outcome, total aliment, expense total.
Uh, KYAY.
All right, I think this is not accurate.
In total, let's come inside the budget header so we have income total and we have no outcome total,
so let's change it to outcome total.
We are going to grab all three of them and we are going to update them using these very values that
we have here.
So first off, let's grab the balance element and we are going to say that our HTML should be equal.
Now, what do we want to create here?
We want to create a paragraph element.
This is the starting for the paragraph.
Now, as you know, we have two paragraphs in here.
The first paragraph is for the dollar sign.
So I'm just going to grab it.
And I am just going to put it right here now in the second paragraph actually holds the value and it
basically says zero.
So for the for the balance, we don't know which side the dollar is going to get.
Either the dollar is going to be positive or negative.
That's why we have created the sign variable and we are going to pass it inside a template strength.
Let's pass it right here.
So that's the sign.
And this is going to be the value.
So we're the value.
Where does the value of balance come from?
It is going to come from from the come from the balance itself that we have created.
So I'm just going to pass in here balance.
So this is going to be the balance in arrestment.
Then we could grab the income total aliment that enter HTML.
Now keep in mind, we still have two paragraphs there, but with a minor change, the changes that we
do not want to specify the sign for that.
That's why I'm just going to pass in like a regular dollar sign, because the income total is positive
in all cases.
It is not going to have a negative sign, neither the outcome.
That's what the name suggests.
So if it is income, it means that it's positive.
If it is outcome, it means that it is negative.
So the name suggests the sign.
We don't need to provide it.
We just need to provide it for this balance.
And instead of the balance less pass and the income in finally outcome total element that enter a [REMOVED]
amount because we are creating we are creating a similar aliments.
We are going to use entrustment.
OK, so let's replace this with a normal dollar sign and we are going to say out, come, let's save
it, let's come here and fund some error.
I don't know.
Let's let's go ahead and let's say project and let's say 15.
Seventy five.
Let's click on it.
And now we can see that the this is fifteen seventy five.
The balance, the income says fifteen seventy five as well.
All right.
So maybe I should like zoom in a little bit.
So this is zoom 90 percent.
So the income says 15, 75.
The balance says 15, 75.
The inputs are cleared, but the list is empty.
So the next logical thing that we will do will be the list.
But before that, let's check out that this is this is working.
So we are going to say twelve seventy five.
And now we get 300, right?
So 17 a 15, 75 to 75.
We are going to get 300, let's say Dorna, maybe like a very expensive dinner of 500.
Now, whatever we say, 500, we are going to get to negative signs.
So this negative is going to come from our ternary operator.
But what about this one?
This we do not want.
So we are going to grab this balance and we are going to put it inside another cool method which is
related to the math object.
So we are going to grab math that ABSs.
So this is the absolute return is the absolute value of a number.
So the absolute value of any number is going to be that number without the sign.
So when any number doesn't have a sign, it means that it is a positive number.
It is like assumed like it's assumed like that in mathematics.
So it even gives you an example.
So this Intellisense of Vasco, it is like super awesome.
So it's just, for example, the absolute value of fun they get.
A VIFF is the same as the absolute value of five, meaning that the absolute value of negative five
is five and the absolute value of five is five.
So five equals five.
Right.
And now by doing this and saving, of course, everything goes away because we have not stored idiot.
So let's put the event to 100.
And unfortunately for the project, don't mind the mess spell.
Let's put it to 50.
Now we get negative.
Fifty dollars.
All right, so we get outcomes one hundred and fifty.
All right, so.
We have crew, we have updated the UI, and now what I want to do here is I want whenever I insert whenever
the user inserts something, not only I want to grab it inside the balance, income and outcome, but
also I want to print it to this list, to their specific list as well.
So this all is empty.
Expense tracker, income tracker.
They're all empty.
Right.
But before doing that, I want to create a function here and this function is going to be clear.
L.M. and.
Element.
OK, and I'm going to pass in an array as an argument and I'm going to say expense list.
So first off, let's go ahead.
And it's clear that before entering any new ones, we make what we want to make sure that we clear that
this is the first reason for this function.
The second reason is that whenever we get towards the end of this project and you add, for example,
any thing here, when you click on this, delete it should delete it.
And if you do not provide it with the clear element, it is going to delete it from this header, but
it is going to stay inside the dashboard.
All right.
So I can I can just give you like like a demo here.
So I have commented out the clear input and let's say SFD to all.
If I say it now, we can see everything is working properly.
But when I click on the trash icon, this is zero.
This is zero.
But this chart is gone.
But this is still here.
So we want to clear the lists whenever we are done with them.
Whenever we want to remove them, we are going to grab the whole list as well.
I'm going to come in this one back in and this is going to be it and the next lecture we are going to
create a show and tree function.
Now that show entry function is responsible for printing ANELLI here and the income tracker, another
one here and another one.
And you'll see you guys in the next one.